README.md, before:

# Employee Attrition Analysis

## Summary
Analysis of employee attrition

## Dataset
https://www.kaggle.com/pavansubhasht/ibm-hr-analytics-attrition-dataset/

## Goal
- Uncover the factors that lead to employee attrition and explore important questions such as:
- Show me a breakdown of distance from home by job role and attrition"
- Compare average monthly income by education and attrition

## Hypotheses to Test and Questions to Answer
- Is there a trend in ages when people leave the company?
- Everything else constant, is amount of business travel an accurate predictor of attrition?
- What's the relationship between 
- What is the relationship between education and attrition?
- Is the number of companies a person has worked for a good predictor of attrition?
- Are the self reported numbers like Job Satisfaction, Job Involvement, Relationship Satisfaction, Work Life Balance, and Environment Satisfaction worth looking at? Are these helpful in identifying Attrition?
- What's the connection between Performance Rating and Attrition? 
- What are the most effective features for predicting attrition? 
- Is there a set of features, fewer than 35, that are accurate predictors of attrition?
- Should this analysis even consider features that are protected classes such as age, gender, and marital status? 
- How is income related to tensure?
- Are there differing compensation rates between genders or marital status? 
- Does the evidence support or refute the hypothesis that this company is discriminating on age, gender, and marital status when comparing similar groups of other features?

## What Recommendations and Takeaways Do I Have?


## Other questions and considerations
- What will the end product look like?
- How will the end product be used?
- How will I know when I'm done?
- What is my Minimum Viable Product?
- How will I know it's good enough?

## Disclosure
This is a fictional data set created by IBM data scientists.

## Other Analyses
http://inseaddataanalytics.github.io/INSEADAnalytics/groupprojects/January2018FBL/IBM_Attrition_VSS.html#business_problem

Commit message:

split the data and make manifest of continuous vs discrete features

README.md, after:

# Employee Attrition Analysis

## Summary
Analysis of employee attrition data

## Dataset
https://www.kaggle.com/pavansubhasht/ibm-hr-analytics-attrition-dataset/

## Goal
- Uncover the factors that lead to employee attrition and explore important questions such as:
    - Are people leaving at random or does the data tell a story?        
    - Are people leaving because of pay? Are compensation rates a factor in attrition? 
- Are there features that cluster together where we can effectively cluster for dimensionality reduction? Which features?
- Are there features that are completely independent of attrition?
- Are the Human Resources surveys accurate predictors of attrition? Or is compensation a better measure?


## Other Possible Hypotheses to Test
- Is there a trend in ages when people leave the company? 
- Everything else constant, is amount of business travel an accurate predictor of attrition?
- What is the relationship between education and attrition?
- Is the number of companies a person has worked for a good predictor of attrition?
- Are the self reported numbers like Job Satisfaction, Job Involvement, Relationship Satisfaction, Work Life Balance, and Environment Satisfaction worth looking at? Are these helpful in identifying Attrition?
- What's the connection between Performance Rating and Attrition? 
- What are the most effective features for predicting attrition? 
- Is there a set of features, fewer than 35, that are accurate predictors of attrition?
- Should this analysis even consider features that are protected classes such as age, gender, and marital status? 
- How is income related to tenure?
- Are there differing compensation rates between genders or marital status? 
- Does the evidence support or refute the hypothesis that this company is discriminating on age, gender, and marital status when comparing similar groups of other features?


## Other questions and considerations
- What will the end product look like?
- How will the end product be used?
- How will I know when I'm done?
- What is my Minimum Viable Product?
- How will I know it's good enough?

## Some Possible Data Products 
- Attrition prediction classifier. Produce a percentage chance that an individual w/ certain characteristics will leave.
- Salary predictor. Given employee information, determine their salary (regression)
- Job satisfaction predictor (Use features to 


## Disclosure
This is a fictional data set created by IBM in order to test their Watson platform.

## Other Analyses
http://inseaddataanalytics.github.io/INSEADAnalytics/groupprojects/January2018FBL/IBM_Attrition_VSS.html#business_problem
